The simulation grid consists of N x N pixels, which are taken to have side length 1 (dimensionless units).
Each pixel has a density value (between 0 and 1) and an absorbed dose value.
The densities may be initialized randomly or otherwise. The doses are initialized to zero.

Primary rays are spawned from a source point some distance d from the center of the top of the grid.
    This means that a source angle of 0 radians is aimed South. All source angles are normalized to be between 0 and 2 pi.
Primary rays have constant initial energy E_0.
The spawn angle theta of each ray (relative to the vertical) is drawn randomly from a Gaussian distribution with standard deviation sigma.

Primary rays are traced starting from the top of the grid, pixel by pixel, but do not deposit energy as they do so.
Let the effective path length l_ep be the distance travelled within a given pixel times the density of that pixel.
For each pixel that is traversed, an interaction point may be generated with probability exp(-a/l_ep) where a is some constant.

If an interaction point is generated, the primary ray is consumed and deposits some fraction f*l_ep of its energy to the current pixel.
    (Both the probability of an interaction point being generated the energy and the energy deposited are functions of the pixel density.
    Since the Ray class does not have information about the pixel density, but Simulation class knows the density, length traveled, and
    which pixel was traced, it can create the interaction point, spawn secondary rays, and deposit energy)
The remaining (1-f*l_ep) of the primary ray's energy is distributed equally to k_s secondary rays, whose angles are drawn randomly from a uniform distribution.
For simplicity, the secondary rays originate from the center of the pixel at which the interaction occured.

Secondary rays are traced pixel by pixel. For each pixel visited, the ray deposits energy g*l_ep or all of its energy, whichever is smaller. (is g necessary? could just scale E_0)
Secondary rays are removed when they have zero energy.
    (If we deposit a fraction of its current energy, it'll take forever to die. I'm going to try a fraction of E_0 / k_s)

If any ray exits the grid, it is simply removed (no reflections). 

The simulation proceeds until some number of primary rays R have been processed, along with their resulting secondary rays.
